docs/get-started/configuration.md, before:

# Configuration
Create a `wishlist.php` file under your `/config` directory with the following options available to you. You can also use multi-environment options to change these per environment.

The below shows the defaults already used by Wishlist, so you don't need to add these options unless you want to modify the values.

```php
<?php

return [
    '*' => [
        'pluginName' => 'Wishlist',
        'showListInfoTab' => true,

        // Lists
        'allowDuplicates' => false,
        'manageDisabledLists' => true,
        'mergeLastListOnLogin' => false,
        'purgeInactiveLists' => true,
        'purgeInactiveListsDuration' => 'P3M', // 3 months
        'purgeInactiveGuestListsDuration' => 'P1D', // 1 day
        'purgeEmptyListsOnly' => true,
        'purgeEmptyGuestListsOnly' => true,
        'cookieExpiry' => 'P1Y', // 1 year

        // PDF
        'pdfFilenameFormat' => 'Wishlist-{id}',
        'pdfPath' => '_pdf/wishlist',
        'pdfAllowRemoteImages' => true,
        'pdfPaperSize' => 'letter',
        'pdfPaperOrientation' => 'portrait',
    ]
];
```

## Configuration options
- `pluginName` - If you want to change the plugin name in the control panel.

### Lists
- `allowDuplicates` - Whether to allow duplicates in lists.
- `manageDisabledLists` - Whether to allow front-end users to manage disabled lists and their items.
- `mergeLastListOnLogin` - Whether to merge a user’s lists with all existing lists for the user, when they log in. This can be useful when lists are modified when logged out, but a user logs in. Any existing lists will be merged.
- `purgeInactiveLists` - Whether to purge inactive lists after a certain duration.
- `purgeInactiveListsDuration` - If purging inactive lists is enabled, after this duration they will be purged.
- `purgeInactiveGuestListsDuration` - If purging inactive lists is enabled, after this duration only guest lists will be purged.
- `purgeEmptyListsOnly` - Whether to purge user lists only if they have no items.
- `purgeEmptyGuestListsOnly` - Whether to purge guest lists only if they have no items.
- `cookieExpiry` - Set how long of an expiry guest users' lists should have, before being forgotten.

### PDF
- `pdfPath` - Set the path to your PDF.
- `pdfFilenameFormat` - Set the default PDF filename format.
- `pdfAllowRemoteImages` - Whether to allow remote images in the PDF.
- `pdfPaperSize` - Sets the paper size for the PDF.
- `pdfPaperOrientation` - Sets the paper orientation for the PDF.

## Control Panel
You can also manage configuration settings through the Control Panel by visiting Settings → Wishlist.

Commit message:

Add ability to set a custom email template when sharing a list

docs/get-started/configuration.md, after:

# Configuration
Create a `wishlist.php` file under your `/config` directory with the following options available to you. You can also use multi-environment options to change these per environment.

The below shows the defaults already used by Wishlist, so you don't need to add these options unless you want to modify the values.

```php
<?php

return [
    '*' => [
        'pluginName' => 'Wishlist',
        'showListInfoTab' => true,

        // Lists
        'allowDuplicates' => false,
        'manageDisabledLists' => true,
        'mergeLastListOnLogin' => false,
        'purgeInactiveLists' => true,
        'purgeInactiveListsDuration' => 'P3M', // 3 months
        'purgeInactiveGuestListsDuration' => 'P1D', // 1 day
        'purgeEmptyListsOnly' => true,
        'purgeEmptyGuestListsOnly' => true,
        'cookieExpiry' => 'P1Y', // 1 year

        // PDF
        'pdfFilenameFormat' => 'Wishlist-{id}',
        'pdfPath' => '_pdf/wishlist',
        'pdfAllowRemoteImages' => true,
        'pdfPaperSize' => 'letter',
        'pdfPaperOrientation' => 'portrait',

        // Email
        'templateEmail' => null,
    ]
];
```

## Configuration options
- `pluginName` - If you want to change the plugin name in the control panel.

### Lists
- `allowDuplicates` - Whether to allow duplicates in lists.
- `manageDisabledLists` - Whether to allow front-end users to manage disabled lists and their items.
- `mergeLastListOnLogin` - Whether to merge a user’s lists with all existing lists for the user, when they log in. This can be useful when lists are modified when logged out, but a user logs in. Any existing lists will be merged.
- `purgeInactiveLists` - Whether to purge inactive lists after a certain duration.
- `purgeInactiveListsDuration` - If purging inactive lists is enabled, after this duration they will be purged.
- `purgeInactiveGuestListsDuration` - If purging inactive lists is enabled, after this duration only guest lists will be purged.
- `purgeEmptyListsOnly` - Whether to purge user lists only if they have no items.
- `purgeEmptyGuestListsOnly` - Whether to purge guest lists only if they have no items.
- `cookieExpiry` - Set how long of an expiry guest users' lists should have, before being forgotten.

### PDF
- `pdfPath` - Set the path to your PDF.
- `pdfFilenameFormat` - Set the default PDF filename format.
- `pdfAllowRemoteImages` - Whether to allow remote images in the PDF.
- `pdfPaperSize` - Sets the paper size for the PDF.
- `pdfPaperOrientation` - Sets the paper orientation for the PDF.

### Email
- `templateEmail` - The template Wishlist will use for HTML emails.

## Control Panel
You can also manage configuration settings through the Control Panel by visiting Settings → Wishlist.
